update README (docs/update-readme) (#6)
reury-cardoso/desafio-taqtile: README.md

> <h1 align="center">TechFlow - TaqTile</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h1 align="center">TechFlow - Instaq</h1>
```

<p align="center">
  <img alt="projeto" src=".github/cover.png" width="100%">
</p>

## 🌐 Project's Description

> Project developed during onboarding, focused on solving the challenges of the Taqtile Institute. _(Possible Changes in the Future)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project developed during onboarding, focused on solving the challenges of Instaq. _(Possible Changes in the Future)_
```

Author: Nome atualizado no `README` e no arquivo `cover.png`.
